Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
TAEUN HOTEL. JEJU ISLAND
Three days from now.
the US president's youngest daughter
will arrive on Jeju Island.
She's coming for a week-long vacation.
but we've received intel that a group
believed to be tied to al-Qaeda
is planning a kidnapping attempt.
Turns out. she's refusing Korean security.
Something about her privacy. I guess.
I reserved a room on the floor
right below hers.
You'll provide unofficial security
until she departs.
Welcome. How may I help you?
I have a reservation for Room 1306.
Please give me a moment.
Sir. I'm afraid Room 1306
is already occupied by another guest.
Who?
I'm afraid we can't disclose
guest information.
Okay.
Otter One. wiretap in place and ready.
Turn off that damn music. you punk.
It's loud!
You nutjob.
Then I'll take Room 1506.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I'm afraid Room 1506
is also occupied.
Location tracking is ready.
Should I install this in a vehicle?
Then I can turn it into a bunker.
SAMGEORI TRADITIONAL SOUP AND RICE
-Please sit over there.
-Okay.
Hello.
Goodness. you have lovely hair.
-A bowl of blood sausage soup. please.
-Sure thing.
It's been a while. 66.
You're drawing attention to yourself.
It's my everyday look.
What's wrong with it?
You look suspicious.
Hey. you look more suspicious
with that cap pulled down low.
Also. we live in a society
that values individuality.
so you shouldn't judge someone's…
Now that's suspicious.
That's not suspicious.
That's just a crazy punk.
Hey. go sit over there
and don't embarrass us.
Not here. Go over there.
Go sit over there. away from us.
Damn it.
Hey. don't even look at him.
Pretend like you don't know him.
Enough with the nonsense.
We have a mission ahead. Park Jin-cheol.
You need to be careful too.
Avoid drawing attention to yourselves
until the mission is complete.
Go change. both of you.
Koreans are known as white-clad people.
You're full of crap.
-Right back at you.
-Double right back at you.
-Triple right back at you.
-Quintuple right back at you.
Wrong. You said "quintuple." dumbass.
Yeah. quintuple. dumbass.
You were supposed to say "quadruple."
dumbass.
-You fish-brained idiot.
-It's quintuple. dumbass.
-I said. "Right back at you."
-Yeah!
-You said. "Double right back at you."
-Then I said. "Triple right back at you."
-Yeah!
So what comes after triple. dumbass?
Quintuple. dumbass!
That's enough!
I don't know why
you two are on this mission.
but since you are. don't get in my way.
If you fool around like this
during the mission…
I won't let it slide.
Talk about the pot
calling the kettle black.
Hey. North.
Why don't you stop getting in my way
and get lost yourself?
How about it?
Want me to walk you to the DMZ?
What the hell?
Getting worked up. huh?
Your accent's slipping out.
"What the hell?"
That's just how the hell I am. dumbass.
You son of a bitch.
Hey. just let it go.
Look at him. He's obviously ignorant
and has no manners.
"Ignorant"?
Hey. white-clad.
You're a bigger pain in the neck
than he is.
What?
At least he went through insane training
in the North.
But what about you?
You just jump and break boards in the air.
you pale bag of bones.
Look at that.
Guess this is what happens
when you only train.
You need to work on your social skills.
You talk a lot for someone
looking like a long-haired female ghost.
Stop destroying property and come outside.
-Are those your last words?
-Just come outside.
Bring it!
Rock and roll!
I thought he said
not to draw any attention.
Two is better than one.
And three is better than two. right?
Are you sure about that?
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
Over here!
Please stop the car!
Please!
Thank you.
Thank you for stopping.
Thank you for giving me a ride.
An unexpected advantage…
This is proof that Hye-ri
is blessed with good fortune.
She just delivered herself right to us.
Move to the rendezvous point.
Dismissed.
1 NEW MESSAGE
The vehicle carrying Min-ji
has cleared National Highway 87.
The vehicle is owned
by Juhak Construction.
Juhak Construction…
Did Ju Gang-chan send you?
Look. all we did was move her
after Ju Gang-chan's daughter called us.
Look at who she takes after!
She's got her father in her.
Han-soo.
Min-ji's alive.
Thank goodness.
Up there. Let's go.
Chief Nam.
Mr. Cho isn't here yet.
He'll join us
after taking care of the bodies.
Let's go first.
Han-soo. can we go faster?
This is as fast as we can go.
It can't go any faster
with two middle-aged men on it.
We got her location!
It's 274. Musu Mountain!
Get her changed
and bring her to the study.
Yes. sir.
-What are you doing?
-Oh.
I was trying to call home.
Do it later.
-Ready to get out?
-Sure.
This way. please.
Take a seat.
How are you feeling. Min-ji?
Are you okay?
I didn't recognize you at first
because you were soaked.
Oh. yes.
I'm fine.
What on earth happened
for you to be out there?
Oh…
I'm sorry for fighting with Hye-ri.
And thank you…
for helping me despite that.
No.
I asked why you were out there.
Oh. I see.
The thing is…
I don't remember.
I found myself in the warehouse
when I came to.
So I escaped.
You found yourself in the warehouse
when you came to. huh?
Yes.
What's the last thing you remember?
Leaving the principal's office.
What happened
in the cold storage warehouse?
Did you see anyone?
Yes. I did.
I saw a man who looked like a thug.
but I don't know who he is.
I'd never seen him before.
Did you talk to him?
No.
He suddenly came at me with a knife.
so I ran away.
I heard him yelling from behind.
but I couldn't hear over the rain.
Is that so?
By any chance…
can I borrow your phone?
I'll ask my dad to pick me up.
I can't allow that.
Sorry?
I can't allow that…
because Hye-ri tried to kill you.
So what should I do as her father?
I don't know anything.
I don't remember anything.
You're still young.
so you're bad at hiding your emotions.
You're even bad at pretending
you lost your memory.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I knew all along.
From the moment you got in the car
and pretended to have fallen asleep.
An unexpected advantage…
This is proof that Hye-ri
is blessed with good fortune.
She just delivered herself right to us.
I don't know anything!
I swear!
Let go of me!
KIM MIN-JI
I love and cherish Hye-ri so much
that no matter what mistakes she makes.
I'd cover them all up.
If you think about it…
it wasn't a big mistake. was it?
So here's how I'm going to wrap this up.
Some thug kidnapped
a female high schooler named Kim Min-ji.
and they went missing together.
Now that the thug has gone missing…
all we need is for Kim Min-ji
to disappear.
No.
Dad!
Please don't kill me! I'm sorry!
Please don't kill me!
We anticipated as much.
but what should we do?
We're not here to pay our respects.
-Ram through it.
-Yes. sir.
Three unidentified vehicles
have entered the property.
Who are you people?
Do you know where you are?!
If you don't leave right now--
I don't give a damn where I am.
As you can see.
we're here on official business.
There's a girl inside. right?
We need to take her with us.
Sir. unidentified vehicles
have entered the premises.
Hide her in the basement.
Please don't kill me!
Please!
Search the premises!
VICE MINISTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY
IM DO-HYEON
Goodness. Chairman Ju.
To what do I owe your call at this hour?
I'm sorry. sir.
You're here alone.
yet you placed a chair facing you.
Looks like you had a guest.
You're the chairman
of Juhak Construction. right?
Mr. Ju Gang-chan.
Yes. that's correct.
And you're with?
Let's just say that I'm a civil servant.
You don't seem to be with the police.
The NIS?
Or maybe the SMD?
You know a lot for a civilian.
You must be pretty chummy
with people in government. huh?
Then let's stop beating around the bush.
I'm the director
of the Special Missions Directorate.
I'm looking for a girl named Kim Min-ji.
and it turns out she's here.
I know everything already.
so bring her out now.
All right.
It's fine that you broke through the gate
and barged in here.
But I hate cigarettes.
You little shit. I was being polite.
but you're too dumb to notice.
Bring out Kim Min-ji
before things get messy.
Just how much power does the SMD have
that you can just barge in here
and threaten a civilian?
Hey. Chairman Ju.
Do you still not get it?
My agents are swarming the whole area.
We're here on official duty. you bastard.
-Did you find her?
-No.
-We searched the entire second floor.
-She's not in the basement either.
What's that?
Stop.
This is private property.
Leave right now.
We're on official duty!
Who the hell are you?
I dare you to shoot me.
Damn it.
Looks like the SMD beat us to it.
What should we do?
Well. it doesn't matter
who came first. does it?
-Let's just go through them.
-No.
The SMD and Ju Gang-chan
are both after Min-ji right now.
If we make a rash move.
it could put her in danger.
Then what. are we just going to sit back?
Aren't those the agents who helped us?
Han-soo.
Let's split up.
I think you're the one who doesn't get it.
-Yes. Vice Minister.
-Hey. you bastard!
What the hell are you doing there?
-Excuse me?
-Get out of there right now!
Wait. sir…
Get up. you punk!
Sorry. sir.
He's a damn government official.
How much in bribes did he take?
Goddamn it.
Everyone. pull out!
SUNG HAN-SOO
All clear here.
What the…
Why. hello there.
I'm here to pick up the laundry.
You should really press your suit.
Min-ji!
Are you okay?
Are you hurt?
What are you doing here?
I temporarily closed the dry cleaners.
Are you okay? Can you walk?
-Who are you?
-I'll tell you later.
What's going on?
-Come on. let's go.
-Let's go.
Let's get out of here.
Good work.
-Get her in the car.
-Yes. sir.
Ms. Kim Min-ji. please come with us.
-Who are you?
-It's okay.
Mister.
Who are these people?
Mister!
See you later.
Status report.
There are no signs of movement yet.
Have them watch our six just in case.
-We're heading back first.
-Yes. sir.
Everyone will maintain a rear guard
until the lead vehicle reaches HQ.
Understood.
Excuse me.
Thank you.
But who are you?
Where are we going right now?
Let me call my dad.
If you don't. I'll get out.
Min-ji.
Calm down. We're going somewhere safe.
-Let me call my--
-Hang on.
Just a moment.
We can't tell you who we are.
It's the nature of this job.
We operate quietly. out of the public eye.
behind the scenes.
All clear.
What the heck? Where'd he go?
Where did they take my daughter?
Back to headquarters.
Min… okay… worry.
What's he saying?
-Switch channels.
-Yes. sir.
Min-ji.
Can you hear me?
Everything will be okay. Don't worry.
I'm coming to get you right now.
You're okay. right?
Can you hear me?
Min-ji!
We can hear you. Kim.
If you so much as lay a finger
on my daughter.
I'll kill you all.
Man. times sure have changed.
South Korea is such a free country.
seeing how a damn spy
can threaten the director of the SMD.
I said I'd turn myself in
once I find my daughter.
What a shame.
I don't trust the words of a spy.
The more desperate person
has to give in first.
Finding my daughter comes first.
Then let's wait and see what happens.
I might as well wait with your daughter
in the meantime.
Why don't you bring a bottle of liquor
as a housewarming gift?
All right.
I'll have a gift waiting for you.
Posturing. huh?
My heart is already racing
at the thought of his gift.
I'm not sure if this is right.
I mean. using his kid?
Jeez.
I need to get it together.
I'm an agent.
I'm not the owner of a dry cleaner.
I might be the owner of a dry cleaner.
but I'm an agent.
This is driving me crazy.
ONCE A MARINE. ALWAYS A MARINE
KOREAN MARINE VETERANS FEDERATION
Damn it.
Taekwondo.
I should've snapped
that donkey leg of his.
Salute!
Honey.
What brings you here. honey?
And what's with that knife?
You haven't been home in days.
so I wondered if you had a second family.
Come on.
But judging by the looks of you.
I don't think you're having an affair.
Come on. I'm not crazy!
I would never have an affair.
You vowed at our wedding
you'd have me shot
if I ever cheated on you.
All right. then.
You will now provide an excuse
for not coming home.
-Proceed.
-Yes. ma'am!
You know I always make it home.
But Kim's daughter has been kidnapped.
You remember Min-ji. right?
Wait. why was she kidnapped again?
Anyway. I was in lockup
and got there late.
You see. some bad guys
insulted our Da-bin.
-What?
-They said awful things about Da-bin!
I should've really thrashed them.
but then the cops came and tased me.
I hadn't been tased in a while.
so it hurt.
So then Han-soo went to help Kim.
but ended up in the water.
I had no idea he was such a bad swimmer.
Anyway. I went to help.
But I stopped by the service area
and got this germanium bracelet--
What about mine?
This is yours. of course.
But I'm not sure if it's effective.
Anyway. after crossing mountains
and rivers. I came here.
Wait. why am I here?
Oh. right! Weapons!
I came to grab some weapons.
So. to summarize.
Kim's daughter has been kidnapped.
and you and Sung Han-soo are helping him.
Yeah! That's exactly it!
Goodness. honey. You're so smart.
So I was thinking I should go and help…
But it's a bad idea. right?
I'm sorry.
-Who beat you up?
-Husband Park Jin-cheol.
Go.
Go?
I can go?
They're your brothers.
And it's not like I can stop you.
I'm craving tteokbokki.
Get some on your way home.
Level two spiciness. right?
Add cheese.
Noted!
You smell.
Change your clothes or something.
Goodness gracious.
Do whatever you want.
Don't worry. I'll be back soon.
I'm not worried about you.
I'm worried about the guys
you're up against.
When will you middle-aged men grow up?
I love you.
Salute!
Jeez. that was a close call.
I almost died.
Seriously. I almost died.
Add cheese.
Level two spiciness and add cheese.
Don't forget to add cheese.
Don't forget level two spiciness.
Hey. kids.
You've been asleep for too long.
It's time to wake up.
How've you been?
I love the smell of gunpowder.
All right. then.
Now. who should I take with me?
Who should I take?
Let's see here.
If I take this one.
then this guy will be sad.
But if I take this guy.
then this one will be sad.
I haven't slept. so I can't seem to focus.
All right.
Let's grab a Claymore first.
And the M3.
Definitely the M3.
And the M249.
M249.
Are you disappointed?
All right. then.
You're coming with me.
Right. Let's go.
You know what? Let's just all go.
All right. we're going on a field trip!
Take us to the top-level
security building.
Yes. sir.
-Take her to the interrogation room.
-Yes. sir.
Situation room.
Effective immediately. we're initiating
an emergency alert protocol.
Where's the tactical team?
Have they arrived?
They'll arrive shortly. sir.
I've watched too many action movies.
Why did I get under this car?
What's this?
Even the tactical team is here.
Is he trying to start a war or what?
Agent Kim said he'd surrender
once he finds his daughter!
The director doesn't believe him.
Until he sees him surrender
and get sent to prison.
he won't let his guard down.
But this is just…
That's how much
he fears Agent Kim.
GOVERNMENT VEHICLE 8769
PARKING LOT
EVACUATION ROUTE
INTERROGATION ROOM
HIGH-RISK MONITORING ROOM
MECHANICAL ROOM
Wait.
The interrogation room…
ISOLATION ROOM B. ISOLATION ROOM A
DETENTION ROOM
INTERROGATION ROOM
CLEANING SUPPLY ROOM
Ma'am.
You still work here?
It's been so long.
It's me. Don't you remember me?
Are you okay?
You can breathe. right?
Okay.
I'm really sorry. ma'am.
I promise I'll make it up to you.
Mechanical room.
Let's see. Where's the mechanical room?
Mechanical…
Which way do I go?
This…
Is it this way?
This way?
OIL GEAR PUMP. GENERATOR TANK PUMP.
GENERATOR COOLANT PUMP…
How many do I need to make?
Got it.
Now to the interrogation room.
Let's go to the interrogation room.
Hello?
Where am I?
Please let me go.
Hello?
Are you Kim Min-ji?
What?
Yes. that's me.
Why are you doing this to me?
Kim Min-ji.
Do you know
what kind of person your dad is?
My dad?
What do you mean?
He's just an ordinary office worker.
Why?
Did he do something wrong?
Is that why you're doing this to me?
Give me that.
Listen carefully. Kim's daughter.
Your dad used to be a spy.
You know what that is. right?
Sir.
A notorious one at that.
So if your dad's identity is exposed.
North Korean operatives come to the South.
And that puts us in a very tough spot.
But you see. your dad stirred up trouble
looking for you.
The man who spent over a decade
living like a ghost
suddenly lost his mind!
All because of you.
Listen.
You and your dad
have put me in a very bad predicament.
so I need to know what started all this.
What exactly happened?
Why did Ju Gang-chan hold you captive?
What kind of scheme
are your dad and Ju Gang-chan plotting?
You need to tell me the truth
about everything.
Do you understand?
Ju Hye-ri.
It was because I fought with her.
Who's Ju Hye-ri?
The daughter of the chairman
of Juhak Construction.
I was fighting with her
when I got hit by something
and passed out.
I think…
it was a brick or something.
When I came to.
I was in a cold storage warehouse.
And I barely…
I barely escaped from that place.
But then Ju Hye-ri's dad took me.
Let me get this straight.
Kim causes trouble for the first time
in over a decade.
causing the North to send an operative.
And you're telling me all this started
because of some kids' fight?
Man. that Kim.
My dad…
was a spy?
Sir.
The vice minister
of National Security is here.
What for?
I think Ju Gang-chan called him.
Damn it.
Hide the kid.
-Yes. sir.
VICE MINISTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY
IM DO-HYEON
Why is this so tiring?
I feel like I'm the only one
doing the hard work.
Is it just my imagination?
Just a little bit more.
Where are they taking her?
INTERROGATION ROOM
I just got here.
Where are you taking her. you bastards?
You assholes.
ISOLATION ROOM A
Hey. you!
What the hell were you thinking.
barging onto private civilian property?!
Do you want to get fired?!
Where's the girl?
Min-ji.
Kim Min-ji.
Up here.
It's me. Uncle Han-soo.
Uncle?
How did you get here?
I'm going to open this.
So be quiet. okay?
You must've been so scared.
Let's go see your dad.
That's it.
Step on that and grab my hand.
One. two. three.
Bring her to me.
Right now!
Goddamn it.
Are you Ju Gang-chan's lackey
or something?
Just how much did you get in bribes?
What did you say?
What do you want with her?
Are you going to deliver her
to Ju Gang-chan? What for?
Does she know something
that she shouldn't?
Have you lost your damn mind?!
You need to get a grip on the situation.
Kim is out of his mind right now.
looking for his daughter.
If you hand her over.
it'll be the end for you and Ju Gang-chan.
So just shut the hell up and wait
until I get my hands on him!
Go right. You have to turn right.
To the right.
Go straight.
Keep going straight.
I know it's tough.
Just hang in there. Min-ji. okay?
-Uncle.
-Yeah?
They said my dad's a spy.
Did you know?
Your dad…
was a spy.
He's not anymore.
What do you mean?
Then what is he now?
I'm sorry. Min-ji.
but we really have to get going.
Can we talk later?
-Okay.
-All right.
Let's go.
What's going on?
Alpha Tango 312.
-Alpha Tango 312.
-What's going on?
-Alpha Tango 312. We have a situation.
-What do you think? We have a situation.
Intruder alert. We have a situation.
-Possible intruder.
-Where are you?
The top-level security building
is experiencing a blackout.
-Restore power now.
-We'll begin the recovery process.
Send the recovery team.
Be careful.
Hold on.
It's here.
I'll catch you from down there.
Uncle.
Come down.
I'll catch you.
It's okay. Just trust me.
and lower your legs first.
That's it.
Slowly.
That's it. I got you.
It's okay. One. two…
ZONE C BUNKER
ACCESS DENIED
What is it?
Min-ji.
How good is your acting?
Hold it open.
Let's go.
Hands on your head and surrender!
Uncle.
Damn it. always a little late.
-Hey. Sung Han-soo.
-Yeah?
Are you the gift
Kim said he'd have waiting for me?
Well. we prepared a gift too.
What do you think?
Do you like it?
Uncle.
What now?
Min-ji.
If you look to your left behind you.
you'll see an emergency exit.
On the count of three.
I need you to run that way
as fast as you can and don't look back.
What are you talking about?
-What about you?
-Me?
I'm just going to say hi to those men
and then catch up with you.
You can't do this alone.
All right. One…
You can shoot Sung Han-soo
and claim it was an accident.
Don't kill the girl.
Two…
Uncle!
Fire!
Three.
What the hell was that?!
He's always late.
Flashbang.
Smoke grenade.
Attack.
Tactical team!
Rally at Zone C bunker!
Hey. get in!
Nice of you to finally show up.
It's okay. Min-ji.
Why aren't you getting in? Hurry up!
How can we get in if the doors won't open?
What are we going to do?
Damn it.
You're shooting blanks. aren't you?
They're blank rounds.
Hey. take cover!
They're blank rounds! Fire!
Hey. Min-ji!
Oh. for crying out loud! My car!
Hey. you should've brought some live ammo!
Why did you bring all blank rounds?
They caught on right away.
I did bring live ammo!
But I can't go around
killing my juniors. can I?
Jeez. my car. man!
This won't do. huh?
Here.
Choose one!
I can't choose
because I love both of them!
-Choose one.
-You want to have a shootout?
Hold your fire!
Hey. Park Jin-cheol.
Now what?
You want us to continue?
This is a white flag.
We surrender!
We're coming out. so don't shoot!
We're coming!
Nice and slow!
Slowly!
Why are there so many of you?
All of you just to catch the three of us?
I saved you from drowning.
and you shoot live ammo?
There's a kid here too. you mole rat.
You return to your old stomping grounds
after all this time. wreck the place.
and expect me to sit back?
Take her.
-Yes. sir.
All of you!
Drop your guns!
What are you doing?
I said drop your guns!
Dad?
Dad!
Wait here.
Min-ji.
I'm here.
Let's go home now.
Dad…
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
I'm here now. so don't worry.
I'm going to witness the end myself.
Just take a quick nap. hero!
An attempted cover-up and a kidnapping…
We should take this chance
to get rid of him first.
I'm sure you weren't
in your right mind either.
trying to find your daughter.
Today will be the last time
Agent Kim sees Min-ji.
Dad!
For Min-ji's sake.
I'm going to
end you.
Subtitle translation by: Jenny Kim
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm